# Potential questions:

* Why not just do a BEM?
	* I saw this more as a preliminary study
	* It would take more resources than I had at my disposal to gather all the data at the resolution needed to construct an effective BEM. This was an undergraduate project

* Dispersal limitation as a barrier to upslope migration?  Often cited as a reason for latitudinal range shifts not being as strong as expected
	*  I think the difference is that the trees here aren't dispersal limited, they are normally dispersed by birds and mammals rather than wind, which is where dispersal limitation comes into play.

* What are variance inflation factors?
	* VIF quantifies the severity of collinearity between variables that were used in the model

* What are pseudo-r-squared values?
	* A normal R^2 is a statistic generated by an Ordinary least squares regression.
	* But there isn't an equivalent for linear mixed models, and it is especially unreliable for Generalised linear mixed models

* Why did you expect that chlorophyll content would be affected by biotic environment?
	* Chlorophyll content is a late stage stress response. So I suppose that we might have been a bit ambitious in expecting biotic environment to kill seedlings, but it was a good worst case scenario variable to use.

* Same time same day? Why expect chlorophyll fluorescence to to indicate lifetime success?
	* The measure that we used was Fv/Fm, which measures the maximum quantum yield of photosystem II. By making this measure in dark adapted individuals, where the reaction centres have become relaxed, we can safely say that we have removed the majority of the noise that is created by environmental conditions at the time of measurement.

* How did you do the LAI?
	* Hemispherical photo of canopy with a fisheye lens
	* ImageJ

* How did you do the root competition?
	* Hegyi index
	* Have a slide

* 


